---
sidebar_position: 1
---

# Introduction

The W.E.B. DuBois Library is one of the largest energy consumers on the UMass Amherst Campus, and there is clear evidence that a notable amount of the library’s energy is used unnecessarily and inefficiently.

According to the UMass Carbon Zero Report, the state of Massachusetts has a legally-binding reduction commitment to “decarbonize the statewide energy systems and reach 80% emission reductions” to achieve net-zero carbon emissions by 2050. However, UMass Amherst intends to lead by example, planning to make its campus energy system entirely based on renewable energy only by 2032. This mission is considered crucial for the university and for the Commonwealth as a whole, especially because UMass emits more carbon dioxide than any other state agency.

Before attempting to remove or mitigate the carbon emissions on campus, it may be helpful to know where the energy on campus is being used. To that end, Green Building Researcher Katherine McCusker designed the Building Energy Explorer (BEE) in partnership with the campus Physical Plant, providing interactive information about the energy consumption of buildings across campus. In particular, the BEE demonstrates that the W.E.B. DuBois Library is one of UMass’ largest consumers of electricity and steam. In fact, the library’s energy consumption in the 2015 fiscal year was equivalent to over 5.3 million pounds of carbon dioxide emissions. 

Not only is the W.E.B. DuBois Library a significant contributor to the total energy consumption on campus, but a large portion of that energy may be wasted. For example, while the library closes at 11 PM on weekdays and earlier on weekends, the interior lights illuminate the building’s windows 24/7. As such, the motivation of our research is to analyze the energy consumption of the library from heating and lighting so we can quantify what proportion of that energy is wasted. To be specific, we intend to monitor how different floors and rooms of the library are heated and how they are lit over time so we can assess how that energy usage can be minimized and optimized. For example, we plan to assess the economic and environmental viability of certain solutions to this energy usage, such as replacing fluorescent light bulbs with LEDs. We hope that this examination will inform the UMass Carbon Mitigation Task force to help UMass facilitate their plans and adjust their infrastructure for carbon neutrality.