docs/definitions.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Definitions

Below are some of the definitions used throughout our research, for reference purposes. For further information on any of the same, any of the team members may be contacted. 

## HVAC

Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning Systems is a technology used to regulate the indoor temperature, humidity, and air quality of a building, such as a home, office, or industrial facility. HVAC systems typically consist of equipment such as furnaces, air conditioners, heat pumps, air handlers, and ductwork. The system works by circulating air through the building and conditioning it according to the desired temperature and humidity levels, while also filtering out pollutants and maintaining proper ventilation.

HVAC Systems generally consist of a Heating Chamber, a cooling chamber, and multiple sensors to regulate temperature. There are humidity sensors inside and outside the HVAC unit itself to minimize room humidity, thermostats which help users set the desired temperature and help report the current temperature of the room to the HVAC system, and the Controller, which takes inputs from different sensors to activate the heating or the cooling chamber as required.

## Demand

For the purposes of this study,

Commit message:

Delete old stuff (will be recovered later)

docs/definitions.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 2
---

# Definitions

Below are some of the definitions used throughout our research, for reference purposes. For further information on any of the same, any of the team members may be contacted. 

## HVAC

Heating, Ventilation, and Air Conditioning Systems is a technology used to regulate the indoor temperature, humidity, and air quality of a building, such as a home, office, or industrial facility. HVAC systems typically consist of equipment such as furnaces, air conditioners, heat pumps, air handlers, and ductwork. The system works by circulating air through the building and conditioning it according to the desired temperature and humidity levels, while also filtering out pollutants and maintaining proper ventilation.

HVAC Systems generally consist of a Heating Chamber, a cooling chamber, and multiple sensors to regulate temperature. There are humidity sensors inside and outside the HVAC unit itself to minimize room humidity, thermostats which help users set the desired temperature and help report the current temperature of the room to the HVAC system, and the Controller, which takes inputs from different sensors to activate the heating or the cooling chamber as required.

## Demand

For the purposes of this study, Demand refers to the values that the building manager has set the HVAC units to, for certain times. For example, the building manager may set the HVAC unit to keep the room at a constant temperature of 70 Degrees Farenheit from 5PM-9AM. 

Different setpoints can be set of different times of the day, and different seasons. In some cases, this aspect can also be given to the end-user (by having them set desired temperature on the thermostat), but we will not be considering the same for the sake of simplicity on our simulations.

##
